Add HostName field to QueryResultVMRecordType in order to have information about Hypervisor (#503)
vmware/go-vcloud-director: .changes/v2.17.0/503-enhancement.md

> * Added new field `Hypervisor` in `QueryResultVMRecordType` struct:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added new field `HostName` in `QueryResultVMRecordType` struct:
```

>     * String field containing the hostName value from the XML VMAdminRecord body retrieved

Reviewer 2: @thomsmoreau This comment is about the title of the PR (I don't have a better place to put it):

Please expand the PR title to explain what has been done. E.g.:
"Add hostName field to VM record type"

> * Added new field Hypervisor in QueryResultVMRecordType struct:
>     - String field containing the hostName value from the XML VMAdminRecord body retrieved
>     - This info can helps to link VM with a cluster since hypervisor is knowned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added new field `Hypervisor` in `QueryResultVMRecordType` struct:
    * String field containing the hostName value from the XML VMAdminRecord body retrieved
    * This info can help to link VM with a cluster since hypervisor is known [GH-503]
```
